# 2018.6
## 愿景
* 读完《游戏引擎架构》#blog#
* 学习2个排序算法 #impl# #blog#
* 跑步3次
* 5次力量训练
* 18次卷腹
* 3次小u训练
* 15个中级单词
* 3段英文短篇段落背诵

* 换房子
* 通过面试答辩

## 回顾

-------------

## 4-8 第一周
### 计划
* 看《游戏引擎架构》动画章节
* 熟练背诵一小段英文段落，能朗诵
* 5个中级难度单词
* 一次半小时跑步
* 每天卷腹
* 两次力量训练
* 一次小u学习

* 设立试用期目标和回顾
* 找房子

### 回顾

-------------

## 11-15 第二周
### 计划
### 回顾

-------------

## 18-22 第三周
### 计划
### 回顾

-------------

## 25-29 第四周
### 计划
* 下月计划
### 回顾



---------------

## 附录：
English Paragraph 1:

> No, I can't agree.  
HTML is really very good in node manipulation and rendering. But ofc its weakness are those fancy effects you speak of.

On the other hand webgl is excellent for fancy effects, but has very poor node manipulation. Lets say on the first attempt you create each node as one draw call, 300 draw calls and you might be done. You will have to think and cheat and think and cheat to get rid of draw calls (webgl calls).

Example I have seen and so can speak about. Cocos2d-js might be more suitable then Pixi.js or ThreeJS. It is very good 2d free engine with free studio and powerful canvas fallback. There is also one basic fancy effect you might want, nine-slice. But even this simple nine-slice thing will make 9 draw calls and you can see your performance dropping fast. I also did performance tests with cocos2d and I can say 400 most simple sprites next to each other run only 30fps.

The reason why the performance is so low is the engine (whatever engine) has no information about what exactly are you trying to achieve. Most of the engines will offer you only one or two ways how to render something. And if I choose I want each single picture to be one sprite (one node), engine wont be able to simplify it.

If I were you, I wouldnt use any engine and would do it with webgl only. But it means you must know webgl and you don't have canvas fallback. Task seems to be very difficult and again some demonstations. Both ThreeJS and playcanvas engines have free editor in browser. Playcanvas released new version of editor just 2 days ago. And editors gui are HTML, both. We are talking about webgl engines that prefers HTML gui. Also a lot of game designers also prefered HTML.

So HTML is not bad option at all, but if you really need to use webgl you should be prepared. Your task might be impossible for engines.